Mr. Gao, please raise your hand and let me go
Mr. Wang, what are you saying?
I just want to buy a piece of land, not without paying
Why are you so stubborn?
Mr. Gao's land really can't be sold?
Besides, you still owe me a sum of money
Wang Shaofeng, don't be shameless
You should know
What is the status of my Gao family in Binhai?
The land that my Gao family likes has not been obtained yet.
Mr. Gao, don't force me, hahahaha.
Why do you want to hit me?
I know you're a veteran
Very good at fighting
But don't forget that you still have a wife and son.
You don't think about yourself
You have to give them a way out
Gao Mingyu, I warn you not to touch my family
Otherwise, I won't finish with you.
Gao Mingyu, you scumbag
He also bullied my brother in the Blue Dragon Squad
See if you are alive
Today, I will teach you a lesson.
Hahahaha
Do you know how to drive?
Hurry up and get off the bus with Lao Tzu
Oh, dear.
How are you